Instructions to update files and meta information for re-evaluation of your data:

1. Do NOT edit any file in the submitting step1 directories as long as you are NOT ready to submit a revised version

2. Check the report you received by mail for issues and suggested improvements
   The report is a text file in markdown language. You can read it in any text editor
   or you might choose a special markdown editor (e.g. https://dillinger.io/)

   2.1. The report is titled "level0_underreview"

        There are general problems with file structure, data files, or
        readability of your files. Eventually a file got corrupted during upload. Please
        check the submitted files and convert them either to IAGA-2002 and or IMAGCDF.
        Data which can be read by MagPy can usually also be analyzed. Please upload
        corrected files into the step1 directory of the GIN.

   2.2. The report is titled "level1_underreview"

        Your data is almost acceptable by INTERMAGNET.
        There are, however, minor issues. Mostly some meta information, which is required for
        INTERMAGNET archiving is missing. Please follow the instructions in section 3 of these
        instructions on how to obtain a level 2 clearance.

   2.3. The report is titled "level2_underreview"

        Your data set meets all criteria of the automatic data check and is ready for final evaluation.
        Nevertheless, please check the report for suggested improvements and follow the steps
        outlined in section 3 if you want to consider them for the final data product (not obligatory).
        A reviewer will automatically be assigned abd contacted as soon as your one-minute
        product has been formally accepted.
        Please note:
        Data checkers do all reviews and evaluation beside their usual duties. Depending on their workload
        it might need a while.
        Usually, a final data check summary is obtained within three months after level 2 submission.

        The final manual evaluation contains a data quality check of your one second data product.
        Failing this evaluation has no consequence for your INTERMAGNET status which is
        related to one-minute data. Anyway, please analyze any upcoming issues carefully:
        it might be useful to check your data preparation
        routines and might trigger improvements of instrumentation,
        powering systems and, eventually, instruments location.

3. You are ready to perform updates to your submission

   3.1 Prepare you updates locally and upload them altogether.

   3.2 Upload new files and information sheets into the
       step1 directory of the GIN.

   3.3 For meta information updates:
       Please use the "meta_OBSCODE.txt" template attached to this mail or download it
       from the GIN within directory year/OBSCODE.
       Please add the requested meta data into this file.

   3.4 For data file updates:
       Upload the new/corrected files and replace/delete old files within
       the step1 directory of the GIN. If you are uploading packed/zipped
       archives, then make sure that data is located within the primary level
       of this archive.

   3.6 Within 24 hours after you finished your uploads
       an automatic (re)evaluation will be triggered.

4. Problems

    If you have problems or questions please contact the IMBOT manager.
